== What's Here

This is a categorized summary of methods and attributes.

=== \Net::HTTP Objects

- {::new}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP.new]:
  Creates a new instance.
- {#inspect}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#inspect]:
  Returns a string representation of +self+.

=== Sessions

- {::start}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP.start]:
  Begins a new session in a new \Net::HTTP object.
- {#started?}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#started?]
  (aliased as {#active?}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#active?]):
  Returns whether in a session.
- {#finish}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#finish]:
  Ends an active session.
- {#start}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#start]:
  Begins a new session in an existing \Net::HTTP object (+self+).

=== Connections

- {:continue_timeout}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#continue_timeout]:
  Returns the continue timeout.
- {#continue_timeout=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#continue_timeout=]:
  Sets the continue timeout seconds.
- {:keep_alive_timeout}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#keep_alive_timeout]:
  Returns the keep-alive timeout.
- {:keep_alive_timeout=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#keep_alive_timeout=]:
  Sets the keep-alive timeout.
- {:max_retries}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#max_retries]:
  Returns the maximum retries.
- {#max_retries=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#max_retries=]:
  Sets the maximum retries.
- {:open_timeout}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#open_timeout]:
  Returns the open timeout.
- {:open_timeout=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#open_timeout=]:
  Sets the open timeout.
- {:read_timeout}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#read_timeout]:
  Returns the open timeout.
- {:read_timeout=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#read_timeout=]:
  Sets the read timeout.
- {:ssl_timeout}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#ssl_timeout]:
  Returns the ssl timeout.
- {:ssl_timeout=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#ssl_timeout=]:
  Sets the ssl timeout.
- {:write_timeout}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#write_timeout]:
  Returns the write timeout.
- {write_timeout=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#write_timeout=]:
  Sets the write timeout.

=== Requests

- {::get}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP.get]:
  Sends a GET request and returns the string response body.
- {::get_print}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP.get_print]:
  Sends a GET request and write the string response body to $stdout.
- {::get_response}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP.get_response]:
  Sends a GET request and returns a response object.
- {::post_form}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP.post_form]:
  Sends a POST request with form data and returns a response object.
- {::post}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP.post]:
  Sends a POST request with data and returns a response object.
- {#copy}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#copy]:
  Sends a COPY request and returns a response object.
- {#delete}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#delete]:
  Sends a DELETE request and returns a response object.
- {#get}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#get]:
  Sends a GET request and returns a response object.
- {#head}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#head]:
  Sends a HEAD request and returns a response object.
- {#lock}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#lock]:
  Sends a LOCK request and returns a response object.
- {#mkcol}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#mkcol]:
  Sends a MKCOL request and returns a response object.
- {#move}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#move]:
  Sends a MOVE request and returns a response object.
- {#options}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#options]:
  Sends a OPTIONS request and returns a response object.
- {#patch}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#patch]:
  Sends a PATCH request and returns a response object.
- {#post}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#post]:
  Sends a POST request and returns a response object.
- {#propfind}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#propfind]:
  Sends a PROPFIND request and returns a response object.
- {#proppatch}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#proppatch]:
  Sends a PROPPATCH request and returns a response object.
- {#put}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#put]:
  Sends a PUT request and returns a response object.
- {#request}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#request]:
  Sends a request and returns a response object.
- {#request_get}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#request_get]
  (aliased as {#get2}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#get2]):
  Sends a GET request and forms a response object;
  if a block given, calls the block with the object,
  otherwise returns the object.
- {#request_head}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#request_head]
  (aliased as {#head2}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#head2]):
  Sends a HEAD request and forms a response object;
  if a block given, calls the block with the object,
  otherwise returns the object.
- {#request_post}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#request_post]
  (aliased as {#post2}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#post2]):
  Sends a POST request and forms a response object;
  if a block given, calls the block with the object,
  otherwise returns the object.
- {#send_request}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#send_request]:
  Sends a request and returns a response object.
- {#trace}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#trace]:
  Sends a TRACE request and returns a response object.
- {#unlock}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#unlock]:
  Sends an UNLOCK request and returns a response object.

=== Responses

- {:close_on_empty_response}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#close_on_empty_response]:
  Returns whether to close connection on empty response.
- {:close_on_empty_response=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#close_on_empty_response=]:
  Sets whether to close connection on empty response.
- {:ignore_eof}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#ignore_eof]:
  Returns whether to ignore end-of-file when reading a response body
  with <tt>Content-Length</tt> headers.
- {:ignore_eof=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#ignore_eof=]:
  Sets whether to ignore end-of-file when reading a response body
  with <tt>Content-Length</tt> headers.
- {:response_body_encoding}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#response_body_encoding]:
  Returns the encoding to use for the response body.
- {#response_body_encoding=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#response_body_encoding=]:
  Sets the response body encoding.

=== Proxies

- {:proxy_address}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#proxy_address]:
  Returns the proxy address.
- {:proxy_address=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#proxy_address=]:
  Sets the proxy address.
- {::proxy_class?}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP.proxy_class?]:
  Returns whether +self+ is a proxy class.
- {#proxy?}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#proxy?]:
  Returns whether +self+ has a proxy.
- {#proxy_address}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#proxy_address]
  (aliased as {#proxyaddr}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#proxyaddr]):
  Returns the proxy address.
- {#proxy_from_env?}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#proxy_from_env?]:
  Returns whether the proxy is taken from an environment variable.
- {:proxy_from_env=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#proxy_from_env=]:
  Sets whether the proxy is to be taken from an environment variable.
- {:proxy_pass}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#proxy_pass]:
  Returns the proxy password.
- {:proxy_pass=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#proxy_pass=]:
  Sets the proxy password.
- {:proxy_port}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#proxy_port]:
  Returns the proxy port.
- {:proxy_port=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#proxy_port=]:
  Sets the proxy port.
- {#proxy_user}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#proxy_user]:
  Returns the proxy user name.
- {:proxy_user=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#proxy_user=]:
  Sets the proxy user.

=== Security

- {:ca_file}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#ca_file]:
  Returns the path to a CA certification file.
- {:ca_file=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#ca_file=]:
  Sets the path to a CA certification file.
- {:ca_path}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#ca_path]:
  Returns the path of to CA directory containing certification files.
- {:ca_path=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#ca_path=]:
  Sets the path of to CA directory containing certification files.
- {:cert}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#cert]:
  Returns the OpenSSL::X509::Certificate object to be used for client certification.
- {:cert=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#cert=]:
  Sets the OpenSSL::X509::Certificate object to be used for client certification.
- {:cert_store}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#cert_store]:
  Returns the X509::Store to be used for verifying peer certificate.
- {:cert_store=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#cert_store=]:
  Sets the X509::Store to be used for verifying peer certificate.
- {:ciphers}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#ciphers]:
  Returns the available SSL ciphers.
- {:ciphers=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#ciphers=]:
  Sets the available SSL ciphers.
- {:extra_chain_cert}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#extra_chain_cert]:
  Returns the extra X509 certificates to be added to the certificate chain.
- {:extra_chain_cert=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#extra_chain_cert=]:
  Sets the extra X509 certificates to be added to the certificate chain.
- {:key}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#key]:
  Returns the OpenSSL::PKey::RSA or OpenSSL::PKey::DSA object.
- {:key=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#key=]:
  Sets the OpenSSL::PKey::RSA or OpenSSL::PKey::DSA object.
- {:max_version}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#max_version]:
  Returns the maximum SSL version.
- {:max_version=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#max_version=]:
  Sets the maximum SSL version.
- {:min_version}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#min_version]:
  Returns the minimum SSL version.
- {:min_version=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#min_version=]:
  Sets the minimum SSL version.
- {#peer_cert}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#peer_cert]:
  Returns the X509 certificate chain for the session’s socket peer.
- {:ssl_version}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#ssl_version]:
  Returns the SSL version.
- {:ssl_version=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#ssl_version=]:
  Sets the SSL version.
- {#use_ssl=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#use_ssl=]:
  Sets whether a new session is to use Transport Layer Security.
- {#use_ssl?}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#use_ssl?]:
  Returns whether +self+ uses SSL.
- {:verify_callback}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#verify_callback]:
  Returns the callback for the server certification verification.
- {:verify_callback=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#verify_callback=]:
  Sets the callback for the server certification verification.
- {:verify_depth}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#verify_depth]:
  Returns the maximum depth for the certificate chain verification.
- {:verify_depth=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#verify_depth=]:
  Sets the maximum depth for the certificate chain verification.
- {:verify_hostname}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#verify_hostname]:
  Returns the flags for server the certification verification at the beginning of the SSL/TLS session.
- {:verify_hostname=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#verify_hostname=]:
  Sets he flags for server the certification verification at the beginning of the SSL/TLS session.
- {:verify_mode}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#verify_mode]:
  Returns the flags for server the certification verification at the beginning of the SSL/TLS session.
- {:verify_mode=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#verify_mode=]:
  Sets the flags for server the certification verification at the beginning of the SSL/TLS session.

=== Addresses and Ports

- {:address}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#address]:
  Returns the string host name or host IP.
- {::default_port}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP.default_port]:
  Returns integer 80, the default port to use for HTTP requests.
- {::http_default_port}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP.http_default_port]:
  Returns integer 80, the default port to use for HTTP requests.
- {::https_default_port}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP.https_default_port]:
  Returns integer 443, the default port to use for HTTPS requests.
- {#ipaddr}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#ipaddr]:
  Returns the IP address for the connection.
- {#ipaddr=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#ipaddr=]:
  Sets the IP address for the connection.
- {:local_host}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#local_host]:
  Returns the string local host used to establish the connection.
- {:local_host=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#local_host=]:
  Sets the string local host used to establish the connection.
- {:local_port}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#local_port]:
  Returns the integer local port used to establish the connection.
- {:local_port=}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#local_port=]:
  Sets the integer local port used to establish the connection.
- {:port}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#port]:
  Returns the integer port number.

=== \HTTP Version

- {::version_1_2?}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP.version_1_2?]
  (aliased as {::is_version_1_2?}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP.is_version_1_2?]
  and {::version_1_2}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP.version_1_2]):
  Returns true; retained for compatibility.

=== Debugging

- {#set_debug_output}[rdoc-ref:Net::HTTP#set_debug_output]:
  Sets the output stream for debugging.
